org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient$1
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
com/bitpay/cordova/qrscanner/QRScanner.java
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$1
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$10
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$11
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$11$1
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$12
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$13
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$14
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$15
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$16
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$17
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$18
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$19
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$2
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$20
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$21
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$22
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$23
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$24
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$25
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$26
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$27
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$28
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$3
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$4
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$5
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$6
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$7
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$8
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$9
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$QRScannerError
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
com/benco/org/MainActivity.java
 com.benco.org.MainActivity
com/benco/org/BuildConfig.java
 com.benco.org.BuildConfig
